watch the nearest F welcome to topid
cast today we're going to be watching
CLA playing as the War Boss this is
piano and they're going to be
facing Sneaky
Snake the raver Alpha much nerfed of cry
kind of nerfed because of
cry so you notice they start on cool
down now with the tunnels
it's probably why you never see the rer
alpha really didn't like that
change could have just nerfed the
tunnels could have made them take longer
to build could have reduced the
capacity could have further increased
the XP that you get from killing them
anyway it is what it is here's a couple
of tunnels we're going to be seeing cry
playing against piano so I think there's
a bug right now with termans I think the
cripping poison doesn't work it doesn't
snare if wait
oh he literally just shot that tunnel
down oh yikes oh that's a good play by
piano there easy XP for him so he just
ran up grabbed the tunnel took it out
and uh gets the shooter boys out of
there without bleeding
model I believe the bug with crippling
poison at the moment which is due to get
fixed literally in in a matter of days
probably by the time this is uploaded
actually it'll already be fixed cuz the
next patch will be out come for our own
but yeah
um the best you could do
if a unit starts the melee charge that's
it the the snare won't work I think
that's the
bug so we'll see how this goes I was
expecting a bit of a melee spam but then
again there's a war boss right so melee
spam against the War Boss probably not
that good bang bang Hammer's
terrifying cybor implants can really
swing a big melee fight with the massive
AOE stun it has good use of Spawn mines
though I always do find it difficult to
get the value out of the spawn mines
obviously that wasn't such a good use
but he did manage to get the raver into
Melly for free as they focused the spawn
M instead rather that 125 requisition
there that went down just force off the
Sluggers once I mean did they kill
models on the Sluggers I'm not sure if
they didn't kill models honestly that's
probably not even worth it if you think
about it you you're forcing off the
Sluggers who managed to get this cap
anywh and you're paying 125 requisition
and five power for it like yikes that's
not I don't think that's really worth it
to be honest
but if he got some models then fair
enough and it did get the Ravena into
melee there as well without getting him
Focus fired
prior storb is pretty obvious choice B
strung the warrior brood will shut down
any sort of looter and shooter
play WoW ad boys that doesn't seem very
necessary there was nothing else no
crippling poison present there was
no no melee coming out of the tunnels or
anything I don't think we needed the ad
boys there yeah Warriors and homot now
running down now this is where the ad
boys would be useful get a bit of
durability whilst you focus fire the
Warriors but of course you with the the
knock back you want to get out of
there homic synapse jumping over these
barriers I didn't know they could do
that that is quite terrifying cuz
they're like 10 foot
tall if you consider the height of an
boy who's probably what about 7 foot 6
foot 7
foot obviously the knobs are way bigger
[__] homon man I think Space Marine 2
did a really good job of showing you the
size of the homant good God they are
terrifying they look so small in dawn of
War II when you see them like this but
it's because of the relative scale and
also Gman in dawn of War II are really
big for some
reason they're scaled really strangely
oh nice nice hit here managed to snag
two Warriors they were going for the
wipe on the nde but couldn't quite get
it that's quite expensive storb are so
good in this match up power melee
Choppers you see great for peeling open
the Carras armor of those
Warriors I don't know what the confusion
was there
exactly toxic miasma on the revener
alpha probably going to go with acid
splatter in tier two on him then to
synergize with this so that gives you 50
extra Max HP which helps of any any
build really but particularly a melee
build overun the cuz also you have an
AOE toxic cloud that you can emit I
think it's a
toggle oh so it works there yeah I don't
know I don't know what the bug is I
thought as well he had started his melee
charge so I'm not I'm really not sure
what the [__] going on with this uh
crypin poison bug
anyway cry probably saving up for
raveners I guess it feels like this game
has been going on for quite a long time
yet
nonetheless these guys are nowhere near
teeking lot of investment on the boys so
far well not a lot actually there's a
bit Shooters we've got some big Shooters
but only one of them and some
burners this now they're good ad boys
there yes with a combination of the
shooters as well pretty decent situation
oh a load of tyan is popping out there
to shoot you is not good for the storm
boys that's the disadvantage of the stor
boys compared to ASM and Raptors or
interceptors they do way more damage on
the power melee as well not basic but
they're only light infantry so they're
very vulnerable against the the little
pacing of the tyin here W boss did
manage to snag one of those Warriors
which was pretty beautiful got the
synaptic backlash he has opted for the
spiky armor that is his tanky Mele hero
armor so you can see he's pretty
resilient right now but the downside is
he's not going to have the army versus
army power of the cybor implants which I
think I don't know we'll see he has to
get a lot of work in with his spiky
armor for that to be worth it cybor
implants in tier 2 would be kind of
insane here really really powerful to
deal with the adrenal gland
Warriors wow Catalyst on turant holy
[__] so that's doubling their damage but
they take half of their Max HP in damage
over time you can see holy crap they
lost a lot of HP I'm not sure that was
worth it
maybe maybe the stor boys would have
killed a couple of turers but then again
you probably would have killed a couple
of stor boys and they're quite expensive
to reinforce 35 and three the power is
quite notable
there hey at least the burners managed
to do some damage before they had to
retreat on the Sluggers burners are
pretty good against nids remember as
well it's not just the flamer weapon
obviously you're getting 10% extra HP
for the squad whoa i s corrected 20%
extra HP for the squad big HP boost but
they're also power melee the actual
burners themselves when you hit the
enemy with them are power melee so again
good for killing those Warriors which is
is more important in tier two cuz they
become absurdly tanky against your
Shooters in tier two cuz they just have
too much health with the adrenal gland
Warrior brute to deal with them with
Shooters you need melee but you can see
how this matchup goes here tyranids as
it elongates are getting a good amount
of control over the map they tend to
bleed less cuz gauns cost less to
reinforce per HP
than the boys and also one gone is only
one pop whereas a boy is
two so while an individual boy is
slightly better in terms of damage and
HP than than a Turan or a homon when you
start adding in 20% damage resistance
cuz of the synapse at that point really
gauns are just as strong to be
honest so there's a lot of economic
advantages there for the for the gauns
burner is doing some amazing work
against the turant in cover there
remember horants get fire resist tant
don't
need yeah just needs to get out of there
going to bleed too much with the
Sluggers wait is he at tier two he is
tier two right yeah this is weird goes
for a pain by first in tier two
prioritize storb knob I don't disagree
with that I think storb knob is
absolutely amazing the mobility of the
storb is just
beautiful let's see okay us I'm going to
say let's see if the Raven wants to
compete with that but not really that
Tel down
boss to make me
Rich thought he might have had a a melee
upgrade there on the Ravena but not
quite oh this is nice W sneaking in
trying to get a Decap on the natural
wreck that's going to be quite impactful
tyes need a lot of requisition when they
get to tier two this is bowled by cry
going for Jean Steelers I don't think
you want to fight a war boss in melee
that doesn't seem like a very good idea
to
me maybe if you're a hi
tant don't think AR ravener Alpha's
going to do well here but he needs to
get the acid splatter I think the
problem is you you struggle with AV so a
truck could be quite a pain in the ass
right now imagine if he had cyborg here
and he saved it and waited for these
Warriors to re-engage you should really
just focus on getting rid of the horag
right now these guys are too fast here
come the gene Steelers a little bit
early with his unstable G sauce
injection there but usually chop it all
that was a good bomber boy knocking the
Warriors into it hit the Warriors hit
the Warriors come on let's pop them
let's pop some of those insectoid zenos
[__] you
know these guys are zenos as well the
arcs but you've got to You' got to root
for the arcs cuz they're a little bit
more humanoid you
know at least they're not
bugs they're a little little bit less
than us there I say okay Inquisition
don't don't kill
me but yeah I would expect to war truck
here reinforcing Sluggers and Stor boers
when you've also got heal Potential from
the pain boy will be just beautiful I do
question how effective the spiky armor
was and I think against nids you want
the bang bang Hammer
because honestly this yeah he's getting
it good this is going to go crazy in
those big fights if he offers another
big fight like that where you've got fre
Mele units including the War Boss
against all three the nid melee good
fight it's going to be me
the Buffs that you're going to get on
the stor boys and the slers are going to
be crazy I Sho you that was
weird don't know why the double shoot
was refri there okay this is bad the
wallus is going to get Focus fir pretty
easily
here oh and he whiff The Stomp now the
Gen Steelers can run in yep he's got to
go he just going to evade hogon not
getting fully reinforced they're now on
capping duties they're good at it
because they're 6.5 speed obviously
genan Steelers now have took over the
role of the homon with the Warriors for
the main melee fighting force and I
guess cry is going to get an opportunity
to hit the Jens once again he actually
going for a very very quick tier three
the fact that piano went for the pain
boy as opposed to a vehicle has kind of
meant there's no real reason for cry to
stay in tier two much longer wow he's
actually gone for regenerate and acid
splatter it's a bit of an unusual combo
the max HP increase on regenerate is not
huge the HP regen is
mental there's a nice big improved
rocket pack jump can he get the kill on
the Warriors oh that would have been
huge bomber boys gets it with the bomber
boys and snags The ravenor Retreat oh it
seem they didn't all hit
unfortunately can be hard to get your
stor boys to hit on Retreat you have to
it's a bit of a micro skill
thing got to get you see he attacked too
early there there and a lot of the stor
boys didn't actually hit with their
Choppers they just sort of Dove at the
enemies see how that guy did hit with
the chopper there cuz he was within just
the right range of the model when he did
that
attack
so yeah losing the Warriors pretty big
deal they were definitely the tankiest
thing on the field now it means the gene
Stealers are pretty damn weak as
well but CRI ahead in
Tech it feels like there's not enough
units for piano which is often a common
problem for the arcs you know you're
side capping with a war boss who's got
bang bang hammer and you're really
wanting these melee fights I don't think
these shooters to be honest have got
that much value those boys all dead
now
us I think that would yeah double Buffs
on the Sluggers but man it's hard
against the Ravena the thing with the
regenerate is that it doesn't provide
knockback immunity
unlike the reinforced kiting which is
normally what you'd get the reinforced
kiting also stops the enemy from being
able to kite
you cuz it lowers their speed when they
do a melee attack and often when you
first get into melee they'll
automatically fight back in melee and
then it will slow
them you see the specials are very
powerful the heal over time here the
sombo should be able to take on the
ravener as long as the ravener is not
plus one on the level to prevent special
attacks from the
knob it should be a decent fight cuz
you'll knock him over in
melee no more TN big
push down on the south really needs to
try and take out these gens
unfortunately it's a little bit late
there's a neurer up on the field that's
going to be quite scary for all these or
infantry
troops piano is going tier three as well
he's probably going to want to get a
vehicle there is no AV yet and obviously
the neuro thr will be pretty good
against everything other than a vehicle
very good against knobs because of this
peroxisome ability you see here it's
percentage based damage that does even
more against heavy infantry and super
heavy
infantry so it will absolutely melt
knobs relatively speaking
anyway given how expensive knobs are as
an investment that could be quite
painful
it's a Weeden and he's do so I'm
expecting a looted tank here the good
thing for cry is he could swap out to
the corrosive Devourer to get a bit of
ranged AV on his hero and then you can
swap back to the acid splatter when you
want to beat him up in
melee don't think I talked much about
the acid splatter but it's a beautiful
Choice power melee is a little bit
redundant right now but really it's just
huge amounts of Splash damage wow look
at the shooters getting absolutely
melted there by the cataclysm into a
basic attack by the neuro up and then it
can drain the energy out of the war boss
which is not only sapping his energy but
pinning him in place so he can't move as
well very
strong car effects on Route Commandos
for piano I mean compositionally this
looks great for cry this neur is
beautiful against the forces of
drain the energy on the pain boy stop
him
healing obviously you got a lot of CC to
deal with the
Infantry bit surprised that he's getting
the immediate Commando knob I don't
really understand the point of that he
only has a rocket launcher and there's
no carouns yet well there is but he's
not even seen it yet look at this man
even when they land the jump on the
turant and stun them they've just got to
retreat so soon because of the damage of
the neuro you've really got to push with
multiple units against this thing or
just a avoid it entirely very powerful
unit for the tyranids
here some
land commander knobs a very strange
choice on these to get that blind I know
it makes it tankier but it's quite
expensive yeah I'm fighting here don't
think we've seen any good
fight import where impar whoa cybor
implants I don't think we've seen any
cybor implants from from the pain booy
might be worth getting more HP on your
stor boys
really heavy armor is an option but the
sort of dividends you get from getting
the heavy armor when you've already got
spiky armor are quite
diminished and
now it feels like he wants the power
claw because he wants to take on a can
effect but it's a f back car anyway so
the priority has to be getting a loot
tank there's no doubt about it further
investment in the wall boss is not
really needed right now let's face it
the wobus isn't really doing a lot he's
got that bang bang hammer and
unfortunately we' never seen it in
action because there hasn't been an
opportunity here to do a big army versus
army fight where the wus is
present and that's on cry you know he's
played an evasive game and he's used the
speed advantage of the tyranids to his
Advantage for
sure Mira easily able to deal with these
threats right now
the best you can
do you'll notice it does need to drain
the energy out of enemy units in order
to actually regain its
energy so if you avoid it avoid fighting
it when it's really necessary to you can
do pretty well
that you what's he waiting for
okay still no tank I don't really see
how he's going to kill the C effect
effects right now he's got one source of
Av on the Commandos the knob leader
who's on power with roughly three tank
Busters well I'll be different now now
the tank Busters are five
models what
he he going to need more a for sure cry
though is running quite low on VPS 75 VP
so cry
wow yeah this War Boss absolute penny is
constantly on the VPS and the problem
for cry with that spiky armor it's going
to take multiple units to get rid of
him wow he's going for
knobs
interesting I
mean the adrenal GL Warrior Brew died so
this Gene steal Squad is quite frankly
not very scary
not sure why they went for the rending
Clause there's no vehicles in the
field oh canif effect
oh wow nicely done Catalyst there on the
genan Stealers and there crazy speed
catches the stor bows and takes them out
that's pretty big
there that was a very well executed
Catalyst can of effect in the perfect
position as well there just to decimate
the storb no on retreat
rippers could lead in The
Charge kill them faster if you melee
them to be honest here are the knobs and
so the canif effect is going to leg it
can Tango pretty well against the knobs
but obviously knobs can Retreat can
effect can't so he wants to be doing
that Tango on his half of the map not
the enemy half of the map cuz if it goes
AR then the Commandos hunt you down with
a rocket launcher don't
they now if he can get his War Boss
smacking things with the bang bang
hammer near the knobs and buff the knobs
speed and damage that could be pretty
cracked right now cry's doing a great
job splitting up and getting on the map
he's over here he's over here and he's
contesting this area unfortunately he
isn't protecting the VP car off
piano but for now he's draining those
VPS with a two to zero cap in favor of
cry we got 200 points left
I wonder what cry's going to get next
would it be worth getting elor do you
think to try and win this out on VPS VPS
are going to be quite important for
him B just charges the neuro for with B
boys ooh big damage from that bang bang
Hammer there in the neuro why isn't the
neuro using the soul strip thing the um
the the Lee Essence I don't really know
but maybe it must have been on cool down
must have used it earlier not on the wos
just to get more
more
energy so cataclysms nice there for the
knockback charging forward with his farm
back here to get onto the Commandos
distribute some Rippers and they're
going to tie up the Commandos nice play
and then a
peroxisome inflict there over time quite
good these knobs are very lucky to have
so many models I was going to say how
they not lost any models yet but yeah
they've got the U Jammers ad boys
dropped on them as well and a rocks
to delay The Retreat is that going to
lead to the end of the counter effect
probably oh that rock just landed
perfectly if it hits the neuro up does
that trigger
backlash I'm not
sure but remember they get their little
damage boost every time they swing those
huge hammers shouldn't be many more hits
now There He Go got it wow they claimed
it homon I don't think you want that
fight mate they're going to get yeated
by some big bangs from the Hammers
they're not proing specials of the knobs
why are the knobs not proing specials
look how tanky these knob mobs are
man they using frenzy there they're
taking no damage from the JX Stealers
now they're finally dying they've
actually overstayed their welcome
without number there calling down an
additional har Squad and the ga Squad
and they actually wipe the
knobs I think there was an attempted
call the boys there from the war boss
but a little bit late what is piano
looking
at oh wow we got
one oh he thought he had called the
boys why did he he not have called the
boys would have had the red in the wreck
I guess he was too far
away we losing a victory
the yeah no looted tank I mean all we've
got right now is an absolute swarm of
gauns at the end which is quite funny
this late in the game and this is the
composition that's left but yeah in
addition to neuro frope and Raven
constantly running around
capping suppose it's it's a good
situation for cry be hard to contend
with all these gauns right now losing
the knobs there brutal over stady is
welcome
really I don't know why he would in that
fight he must have been in frzy and
that's why he were taking no damage as
soon as that frenzy won off the knobs
died they could have fought the hogot
but as soon as you seen genan sealers
running in it's like nah get out of
there they do a bit too much
damage such a shame because they killed
the car effect so beautifully but yeah
nice game you don't get to see tyranids
versus arcs too often love the Carnage
of it and TI three units also pretty
damn rare these days neur for up
probably the MVP there I'd
say yeah GG's hope you enjoyed that one
folks that's going to be all from your B
to but this time I am signing out
[Music]
a